Randomly hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume.
Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Lawyers hope you get sued, doctors hope you get sick, cops hope you're criminal, mechanics hope you have car trouble, but only a thief wishes prosperity for you.
As a kid my parents taught me to not believe everything I see on TV, now I have to teach them to not believe everything they see on Facebook.
The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
Tall people are expected to use their reach to help shorter people, but if a tall person were to ask a short person to hand them something they dropped on the floor it'd be insulting.
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
If I get up 10 minutes earlier than usual, I treat it like 2 extra hours and end up late for work.
If someone offered to pay for my food and rent for the next 18 years, I'd do anything they ask of me. But I complained every time I took the trash out while living at my parent's house.
Aliens invaded the Moon on July 20th, 1969.
When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.
I've woken up over 10,000 times and I'm still not used to it.
Tobacco companies kill their best customers and condom companies kill their future customers.
When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me.
Somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday.
Christmas feels more like a deadline than a holiday.
"DO NOT TOUCH" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
After years of disliking the way i look, only now i realize I'm not ugly, I'm just not my type.
We talk about Ancient Romans like they were basically all the same, but the civilization lasted almost 1000 years. That's like saying people in 2016 and 1016 are basically the same.
Vehicles today can surf the web, link to your phone, stream music and videos, etc.. but they still can't perform a simple database lookup to tell you what the check engine light is on for.
People who are goodlooking but have terrible personalities are basically real life click baits.
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
When people think about travelling to the past, they worry about accidentally changing the present, but no one in the present really thinks they can radically change the future.
When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow.
There should be a millenial edition of Monopoly where you just walk round the board paying rent, never able to buy anything.
When I bake bread, I give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their corpses.
Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.
If the movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" took place in Australia, those kids would have died real quick.
My dog understand several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
I recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today.
Nothing is on fire, fire is on things.
I mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
Someone who says "I'll be there in 6 minutes" will normally arrive before someone who says "I will be there in 5 minutes".
If aliens come to earth, we have to explain why we made dozens of movies in which we fight and kill them.
Every time a character dies on a TV show I just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us.
At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say "oh crap!" Or "congratulations!"
It's sad that having real ingredients in food products is a selling point.
A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend won't let her go, people will likely get concerned.
UPS will leave a $900 video card on my porch without even knocking but I have to sign for a $10 pizza
I don't know a single person who would want a thinner phone over a few hours of extra battery life.
Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
We stick kids in classrooms 7 hours a day, give them another few hours of homework, actively discourage them from playing outside, and then wonder why kids today are so out of shape.
The Swiss must have been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a wine bottle corkscrew on their army knife.
Cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone.
April Fool's Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
If I punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong?



